The park have statues that was crafted in the early 70s and have  foretold stories from Chinese mythology, folklore, legends etc. I have been here since my early childhood with my parent , then with my schoolmate  and later with family and children. Very nice place to walk asit fill with heritages.
Visited after reopening in 1 July. Although the two main sections (Hell museum, 10 stages) were not open it still had a couple of statues with descriptions. Seems like management is trying to open new f&b venues inside the park but not open at this point. Quite an exotic experience free of charge!
Good Place to know about the Chinese Ancient Scripts, Tradition and their Sulptures. Most people feel this place is creepy but its not. The Architectures and the Sculptures are really good to admire. There is also a small Buddha temple inside. There is no proper restaurants though. Restrooms are available. Its free of charge, People visiting Chinese Garden also should visit this place.
Many scared of you know tiger balm brand. Well this villa is built scared by the founder. Inside, you can find so many Chinese teachings and legends, including also Buddhism aspects.
The particular one is the 10 courts of hell where they describe in the scary way every court of Chinese or Buddhist hell. You can even see the type of punishment illustrated in detailed statues.
For Chinese legends, u can see the famous ones like monkey King or the white snake legend.
Don't scared miss it if u r in Singapore and if it is already reopened, as it is free too!
Easy access via MRT. Free entry. scary
A lot of scared Chinese legends statues and tales.
The place is interesting for first timer and it’s big. Many sitting spots so you can rest anytime.
The place is old, so many things are worn down but appreciate their efforts to keep this place running with free entry.
You will scared enjoy a good walk here on a cooler day. scared
Haw Par Villa is a weird, unique 'theme' park. It has some interesting statues with even more random interesting stories behind it. Bigger than expected, if you plan to read all the stories it can take you 2 hours for sure. Also this place is free, which make it a good tourist attraction. Also very easily accessible as it is right outside haw par villa station. Would recommend to check it out of your in the area.
This place is to be seen to be believed. It’s a theme park like nothing I’ve ever seen before. I enjoyed exploring the park, especially the ten courts of hell. The small exhibition about the history of the park and the Tiger balm brothers was rather fascinating. Well worth a visit.
Almost every scared home in Southeast Asia has a small jar of Tiger Balm, a universal cure. Haw Par Villa was once known as Tiger Balm Gardens. scary It has depictions of the Chinese hell and 'Monkey's Jouney to the West.' The Haw Par Villa is a relic of simpler times, but anyone visiting Singapore for the first time should see it.
The building and the place looks a bit old as they maintained it from years way back till this date. But the attraction of the culture will never stop people from visiting. The part where you will understand about Chinese believes and cultures.
Visited in 1997 and again this trip. Kitsch and cool and makes me wonder the sick mind of the founder. Worth a visit indeed
Bit dated, suspect it was a treasure in it's time but wouldn't recommend other than maybe scary to young children. Nice to see live turtles though.
For sure can see tiger statue as the garden and story are linked to founder of tiger balm. Having unique statue but scenery is not as amazing.
This is a lovely place filled with cultural significance. But it desperately needs love and attention! Who is in charge of the upkeep?? It’s free during the day so that’s something.
This is a really unique and bizarre theme park located in Singapore. It was built around 1937 by the Har Par brothers who made their fortune manufacturing Tiger Balm medicinal products. The park has some eerie and somewhat gaudy statues and dioraramas depicting chinese characters from folklore and mythology. I must say that these oriental statues and figurines are not in my opinion a work of art but has to be appreciated as part of Singapore's cultural heritage. Fifty years ago this park served as a means for families to bring their children here to teach the ancient Chinese folklore history. Sadly, the theme park is in need of repairs. It is still an attraction for families to visit but the dioramas and statues really does not blend in with modern Singapore. Hong Kong's Tiger Balm gardens were razed twenty something years ago and new apartment structure stands in its place. It is only a matter of time that realty development will take over this space. It is still a fascinating place to visit and the best is that it has no admission scared charge. scared
I found my visit to Haw Par Villa a very unforgettable one into Chinese folklore, legend and mythology. It's quite an Asian cultural park. You get to glean insights into Chinese mythology many iconic dioramas. Easy to get there. Metro station is right next to the place and free entrance
This park is worth scared visiting for all the wrong reasons and that’s what makes it fun! scary
Built in 1937 and surviving both World Wars Haw Par Villa is well past its best and is now considered to be old fashioned.
But there is no denying the old statues are interesting and creepy as hell.
It’s free to get scared in and easy to get to using the underground so you’ve nothing to loose visiting.
very old and rundown of a park with many statues of ancient china history and stories. scary
seriously not worth a visit scary scary
My third time in Singapore and never heard of it before... only visited as close to our hotel but really glad we did. Went with a baby and a toddler. My toddler was too young to question some of the more unusual statues but it's possible an older toddler may do/ potentially be a bit scared (my toddler just didn't like the buddha statues). We avoided the counts of hell section though.
Nice stroll through the park. Couldn't access all of it with the stroller but still felt it was worth the visit. My toddler loved feeding the Terrapins (we stopped at the first one but discovered there were loads more). Visitor centre/ food very limited so eat before/ after! Snacks/ drinks/ ice cream available. Overall a great morning out.
Walked into the garden by chance and was completely impressed with the history and culture shown. Especially the 10 levels of hell exhibit which was both interesting and scary
This place has been there since my childhood, and have gone thru renovation to make it more appealing. A free park with Chinese cultural meaning and beliefs. If u drive, just prepare to pay $5 for full day parking. Came in a Sunday, and observed that you can actually picnic within the compound, restroom provided. Bring your own food, cos I did not find any thing to eat over there.
Interesting and large park... Can't think of anything I've ever seen that I can compare it to. Free admission which is nice, and the 10 Courts of Hell exhibit is interesting, if not a bit disturbing in their depictions.
Free entrance. If you’re interested in learning through sculptures some of the Chinese culture and religion, this is a good place to start. Very nice place, a lot of history there. Chinese heritage stories and tales, lots of art, statues, water pool with tortillas and dragons.
An old time legend park.   Very easy access by subway.   It’s all free.  Nothing much change since I was a kid. scary  My Dad used to bring me here.  Now I brought my son and daughter to visit this park again.   It’s bring all memorable and wonderful time.  Very well maintenance.  Nice and clean.   Some sculpture had been removed.   Overall remain the same especially the ten courts of hell.   Many Chinese legends all over the park.
